Running from Demons: a text adventure game
written by Crystal Liang
dedicated to Michael Lee


#A huge, cobblestone road snakes its way through the city. You can see it when you gaze out the window of your small, decrepit flat.#You remember walking along that road from the day you were born. It wasn't always so cold and concrete. It was rather soft at first; soft and flowing. You could just sit down, and it would carry you along itself. In those days, everything was illuminated with rosy light. It never occurred to you to stray very far from the path. There was always a warm, protective presence by your side, holding your hand.#Your path often crossed the paths of others. You'd look forward to these intersections; it was always fun, coming across another like yourself.#As time wore on, you let go of the protective presence. You didn't like it anymore; it was too controlling. You felt like you had to go off on your own, like the others. The presence understood and let go. It had fulfilled its duty.#The road gradually became implacable, stony, and frigid. A howling winter wind cut at your chapped skin as you struggled through a mountainous, rocky terrain that seemed a moment ago to be a flat, verdant meadow. As you struggled on, a city on the sides of the road became more visible, its lineaments more distinct. Of course, it had always been there. It had just never occurred to you to notice it until now. But you felt you had to continue along this road, so you ignored the city and went on.#Soon, you came to hate crossing paths with the others. They all seemed to be further along on their paths than you were. They were so proud of their accomplishments, and how far they had come. When you turned to look back on your progress, all you saw was a shadowy, nebulous haze.#You grew to hate this road you travelled on. The wind and stone were so cold and unforgiving. Your knees felt battered; your gait became shaky. Covering just a metre became a struggle as your willpower drained away.#The city, once a vague backdrop, became more real than ever. The more you gazed upon the road, the more you detested it. It looked repulsive to you, and you could hardly bear to stand on it any longer.#After years of indecision, you left the road and wandered deep into the bowels of the city.#
...
#You awake with a dull, crushing weight on your chest. You look up to see that it is a demon, grinning at you.