Street#The street is devoid of other people. Some crumbling apartment buildings line the road. There are more blocks of apartment buildings to the west. There is a park to the east. To the south is the door from which you entered the street. There is another block of buildings to the north.#Bedroom#The bedroom has an old, tatty carpet and concrete walls. There is a bed, a chair, a desk, and drawer. There is a door to the north.#Library#The library smells strongly of dust and old books. The air is stuffy, and the lighting is poor. Large shadows stretch and jump out at you from behind every corner. Most of the books are so old and decayed that you dare not touch them for fear that they would crumble into dust. The exit is to the south.#Park#The park is covered with overgrown grass. The grass seems to die as you step on it. There is a fountain at the park's centre. There are a few trees to the side, as well as a small patch of flowers. Although the park appears to be filled with all manner of flora, it feels lifeless. The street whence you came is to the west.#Train Station#Unlike most of the locations in the city, the train appears to be in decent condition. The ticket counter is closed off by an aluminum screen. Beyond the turnstiles is a single train, waiting with an open door at the centre of the platform. The exit, leading to the street, is to the north.#Road#Description#Hallway#Like the bedroom, the hallway has a faded carpet that might have been orange, purple, or green in its happier days. A flight of stairs leading downwards lies to the east. There is a window on the wall to the west. The walls are blank and grey. There are no doors except for the one from which you entered, which lies to the south behind you.#Lobby#The lobby is a squarish, decently spacious room with whitewashed walls and a grey carpet. There are some rusty metal mailboxes along the eastern wall, and a desk nearby. There is an open door leading outside to the west. To the south is the flight of stairs from which you came.#Theatre#The theatre is completely dark aside from the light that pours in from the open door behind you. All of the seats appear to have been ripped from their places and disposed somewhere. There is a single metal folding chair a reasonable distance from the screen. At the other end of the theatre is a doorway, illuminated by a faint, flickering red light. The exit is to the east.#Street - West#The street is desolate. Abandoned, dilapidated apartment buildings line the pavement. To the east is the street in front of your apartment building. To the north is the library. More street lies to the south. There is a plaza to the west.#Hill#The hill is covered in lush, soft grass. At its peak is a small telescope, mounted on a tripod, though the sky is devoid of stars. Next to the telescope is a large container. The grey rectangles of the city lie in the distance. The path you took to the hill is to the west.#Shop#Like most buildings in the city, the tiny shop is dusty and decrepit. There are a few shelves displaying some empty bean cans, empty crisp bags, empty soda bottles -- a lot of things here are empty. The cash register appears to have been ripped from its place and thrown on the tiled floor. The only thing here that appears to be in reasonable condition is a curious rectangular device about the size of a board game box.#Plaza#The plaza is a desolate expanse of cracked asphalt. Most of the buildings are falling apart. In fact, the only buildings that appear to be intact are the shop, to the north, and the theatre, to the west. The plaza is lined with a fence, behind which lays the wilderness. The street whence you came is to the east.#Tower#Like most towers, the tower is quite tall. Thus, there is a lift to the top floor. Not surprisingly, the lift is irredeemably defunct. A crowbar leans against the wall to your left; it's probably there to administer percussive maintenance in case the lift breaks down or something. The exit is to the south.#Street - North#This street looks a lot like the other streets -- devoid of people, depressing, decrepit. To the north is a skinny, futuristic-looking tower with what appears to be a giant revolving disk at the top. To the south is the street whence you came.#Street - Southwest#This street resembles the other streets. It comes to a dead end; at the end is the train station. The street from which you came is to the north.#Garden#The beauty of the garden seems an anachronism in the sordid present. Perhaps you are no longer in the present, but have travelled to the past, a time when you still felt the joy of life. The garden is enclosed on all sides, aside from the path whence you came (which lies to the northwest), by cherry trees in full bloom. At the centre of the springy, verdant turf is a clear pond, surrounded by reeds. Flowers of all sorts -- daffodils, daisies, lilies, orchids, gardenias, etc. -- spring out of the grass in abundance.#Projector Room#The projector room is dark and dusty. Cables hang from the ceiling like vines. Along one wall is a glass pane looking down onto the theatre. Directly below the window is a table with a powered VCR connected to a projector. The stairway leading back to the theatre is to the south.